so started crushing when I'm pretty
little like probably eyes
what are you here
okay so I had seen probably one of my
favorite food is you do this backpack
for jobs or lingo
so I've been crushing for about 14 years
now just been a great sport so you know
just a regular day of cutting you know
blossom jobs rocks you know trees me and
that's gnarly man
watch these constrict off it and then
come back man with Angelo that did not
happen this is really sweet darlin
Oh called Jessica so it was just you
know regular day I was going downhill
and then just like the gnarliest thing
happened
what winded and that was just gnarliest
thing that ever happened I mean I got
some dirt I got got a little dirt on my
head I mean that was the most extreme
days ever in the history of crutches
so I wouldn't give up credit for
anything I mean Hudson's my life man and
can't imagine living without it